docs(MAINTAIN): update deprecation policy (#24619)
neovim/neovim: MAINTAIN.md

In general, when a feature is slated to be removed it should:

1. Be _soft_ deprecated in the _next_ release
  - Use of the deprecated feature will still work.

>   - This means deprecating via documentation only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This means deprecating via documentation and annotation (`@deprecated`) only.
```

  - Must include a note in `news.txt` under `DEPRECATIONS`.

>   - Lua features can be annotated with `@deprecated`.

Reviewer: not optional ("can be"). can delete this line

2. Be _hard_ deprecated in a following a release in which it was soft deprecated.

>   - Use of the deprecated feature will still work but may issue a warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use of the deprecated feature will still work but should issue a warning (typically by `vim.deprecate()`).
```

  - Lua features can use `vim.deprecate()`
  - Features implemented in Vimscript or in C will need bespoke implementations
    to communicate to users that the feature is deprecated

> 3. Be removed in a release following the release in which it was hard deprecated

Reviewer: If possible it's probably preferable to `vim.deprecate()` with error/stacktrace?

Author: I don't think `vim.deprecate` can currently facilitate this (...yet).
